# hammock
A good place to REST.
Hammock provides a freindly approach to develope resources for a REST server.
currently supports falcon.

## General.

Your REST server might have resources.
1. Make a resources package somewhere in your project (with __init__.py and so).
2. Add your resources to that package (see below).
3. Add the resources to the flacon API (see below).
4. Use the autogenerated client.

## Creating a resource
A resource defined by its url prefix.
A resource is a class with name of its module, capitalized, and inherites from the resource.Resource class:
Lets create an helloworld resource, in resources/helloworld.py:
```python
from strato.common.rest import resource

class Helloworld(resource.Resource):
  @resource.get()
  def say(self):
    return "hello world"
```

This class definition will add a resource in the url `/helloworld`. The `resource.get` decorator
defines the say method as a rest method for `GET /helloworld`.

## Adding resources package to falcon api
Simply use this code:
```python
import python
from strato.common.rest import rest
from somewhere.inn.your.project import resources

api = falcon.API()
rest.Rest(api, resources)
```

## rest methods.
As explained above, adding a rest method is done by adding a method to the resource class with an 
appropriate decorator.
You can use one decorators: `resource.get`, `resource.post`, `resource.put` and `resource.delete`.
The developer may write a method that gets arguments, or keyworded arguments, and returns
somethig, usually an object that can be converted to json in the response body. The arguments
will be parsed automatically from the request url query or json body (depends on the method used), and the return
value will be written to the response message.

### The decorators may get some arrguments:
- path (default: ""): representing a path in the resource. this path may include variables, 
surrounded by curly braces, same as you would have done in falcon.
- success_code (default: 200): the code that will be returned with the HTTP response, 
in case that no error was raiesed.
- result_content_type (default "application/json"): the content type that will be in the header of the response.

### Special arguments.
Naming the method's argument in a special way, might result in a different behaviour:
- `_headers`: the argument that will be passed to the method is the _headers of the request. 
Notice! This object is a *method* and not a dict. To get the X-Auth-Token from the headers, use:
`_headers("x-auth-token")`.
- `_file`: Thie method expects "application/octet-stream" as content-type of the request, and the stream 
will be delivered to the `_file` argument. Notice that this method must be "PUT" or "POST". 
Other arguments will be passed through the url query parameters.

## url:
The url of your resource is created using the python packages and class name. 
For example, if your Echo class is in: `your.poject.resources.tools.echo.Echo`, 
and you add the package `your.project.resources` to the rest.Rest class, the resource url will be: 
`/tools/echo`, since it's class name is Echo and it is in subpackage tools.

### overriding url
- For packages: if you want that the url componant of a package to defer from it's name, 
you can add to the package `__init__.py` file: `PATH = "some-other-name". This will replace the package 
name with `some-other-name` in the url.
- For classes: override the name classmethod:
```python
@classmethod
def name(cls):
  return "some-other-name"
```

## Examples:
Look at the resources test package in `strato.common.rest.tests.resources package`.
